Berlin is the capital of which country?
Germany, France, Italy, Outer Mongolia
Germany
In computer graphics, what do the letters VDU stand for?
Vertex Data Unit, Vertex Data Unscrambler, Visual Display Unit, Very Depressed Users
Visual Display Unit
In chess, which of these is *not* a valid move?
En passant, Castling, Promoting, Demoting
Demoting
Are global variables a good idea?
Yes, No, Maybe, It depends
No
Are global variables a good idea?
No, No, No, No
No
How many toes does a horse have on each foot?
One, Three, Five, Six
One
What does a Manx Cat not have?
Toes, Ears, Tail, A Face
Tail
The Japanese poetry form consisting of three lines, with 5, 7 and 5 syllables respectively, is called...?
Takoyaki, Haiku, Kaiju, Nandeska
Haiku
What makes Gazpacho soup unusual?
It's illegal in the EU, It's served cold, It contains live fish, It's served in an eggshell
It's served cold
In the 90's sitcom "Friends", who was Monica's brother?
Chandler, Joey, Ross, Gunther
Ross
Who is the best actor?
Robert Stack, Matthew Broderick, Judd Nelson, Leslie Nielsen
Judd Nelson
The Dutch are the only people to ever have...?
Conquered Mars, Enjoyed licorice, Gained immortality, Eaten their Prime Minister
Eaten their Prime Minister
Which of these is *not* a real unit of measurement *really* used by the British?
Hectare, Hand, Arm, Hundredweight
Arm
What does the Morse Code signal "...---..." mean?
IFI, IKI, SOS, FKU
SOS
How many people were onboard Amelia Earhart's aircraft when it disappeared?
0, 1, 2, 3
2
Who was the Director of Software Engineering for NASA's Apollo Program?
Steve Jobs, Margaret Hamilton, Donald Knuth, Edgar Dijkstra
Margaret Hamilton
Dan's middle name is...?
"Ger", Malcolm, A closely guarded secret, Samuel
A closely guarded secret
The inventory of the Python programming language is...?
Dutch, Irish, Dutch-Irish, A bastard
Dutch
The word "arachnids" covers which type of animals?
Scorpions, Snakes, Cockroaches, Crabs
Scorpions
Which German rock band finally knocked Bryan Adams off the top of the UK pop charts after 16 weeks?
Rammstein, Die Toten Hosen, Scorpions, Guano Apes
Scorpions
Complete this sentence: "I ain't afraid of no ... "?
Goats, Grues, Ghosts, Goals
Ghosts
What is 4 - 2 * 6 ?
12, 16, -12, -8
-8
Including both land and maritime borders, how many countries border the Netherlands?
2, 3, 4, 6
4
What is the chemical formula for water?
H2SO4, O3, H2O, R2D2
H2O
Which extreme metal band has the world record for "shortest song" with their track "You Suffer"?
Napalm Death, Fleshgod Apocalypse, Cannibal Corpse, Party Cannon
Napalm Death
If you were 'treading the boards', where would you be?
Underwater, On stage, Breaking and entering, In a car
On stage
According to Shakespeare, what is the soul of wit?
Irony, Brevity, Subtlety, Bodily noises
Brevity
Which of the following would be appropriate to extinguish an oil fire?
Water, Alcohol, A damp towel, An iguana
A damp towel
"The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" was written by which British author?
William Shakespeare, Oscar Wilde, Jane Austen, Douglas Adams
Douglas Adams
In "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy", what is the answer to life, the universe, and everything?
Kindness, The French, 42, A small Chilean sea slug called Gerald
42
Where are the Islets of Langerhans?
The South China Sea, Norway, Madagascar, The pancreas
The pancreas
Which mathematician invented a cellular automata known as "The Game of Life"?
Wesley Beaver, Stephen Hawking, John Conway, Edgar Dijkstra
John Conway
What is the capital of Morocco?
Sale, Marrakech, Rabat, Tangier
Rabat
What is the note interval between strings on a violin?
Thirds, Fourths, Fifths, Sixths
Fifths
In Squash, what is the name of the 'out' area at the bottom of the front wall?
The Pot, The Jug, The Tin, The Chamberpot
The Tin
What is the name of the poetry technique where consecutive words start with the same letter? 
Assonance, Alliteration, Consonants, Insurance
Alliteration
What "p" word means "courteous; behaving in an expected manner"?
Police, Politics, Polite, Poultice
Polite
Which of the following words describes cats?
Bovine, Canine, Caprine, Feline
Feline
In Dungeons & Dragons, which of these classes would most benefit from a high Strength score?
Rogue, Bard, Wizard, Fighter
Fighter
Wind is caused by...?
Trees breathing, Earth's rotation, Pressure differences, Last night's beans
Pressure differences
